good
the work with the junior ballet that has
been really very interesting because
I found that all dancers
were very engaged in the project he
did not please he was also very
very young people want on their way to
help work
Kiara it was much the
reconstitution of this piece the piece has
was created end of 2010 for another group
of dancers what am I
found interesting from this experience
last already
watch
in this group how did they equate
from just digest people to a
event that existed in creation
I really had time to convince
everyone to come into my universe
to bring out this invention which
was also interpreted for fear of
not see them again
the inspiration for this
creation was diamanda music
galas what is an artist that
I love because
a job that is enough and are even
side I will not speak she talks a lot
of the sea ​​is still there to know
technicality and inability to
transform so much this normal time
than
that it becomes a product very very very
very strange and I have very little but
this coast is strange to seine
r